Create government.md (#1)
hrazi/azure-docs: articles/communication-services/concepts/government.md

# Azure Communication Services for Government

> Azure Communication Services (ACS) in [Azure Government](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/government/) provides compliance with US government requirements for cloud services. In addition to enjoying the features and capabilities of Messaging, Voice and Video calling, developers benefit from the following features that are unique to Azure Government:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Communication Services can be used within [Azure Government](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/government/) to provide compliance with US government requirements for cloud services. In addition to enjoying the features and capabilities of Messaging, Voice and Video calling, developers benefit from the following features that are unique to Azure Government:
```

Reviewer: We should never abbreviate ACS according to branding.
